introducing new Nokia n8 the world's
first Cindy and three device
the Nokia na captures spectacular images
with the largest sensor yet seen in the
mobile 28 millimeter wide-angle optics
from carl zeiss xenon flash great on
device editing features an even face
detection
high-definition filming in 720p makes
your videos crystal-clear even on the
biggest screen in your house
with HDMI connection and the surround
sound experience of Dolby Digital Plus
your high-definition movies will look
and sound stunning direct from your
Nokia n8
upload your photos straight to Facebook
and add Facebook events to the Nokia n8
calendar also see live updates tweets
photos and more from your social
networks combined on your home screen
with multiple home screens personalizing
your Nokia n8 is easier than ever
Auggie maps are fantastic on the Nokia
n8 3.5 inch screw with free lifetime
navigation driving or walking you'll
never get lost again
the Nokia n8 loads webpages faster than
ever over 11n Wi-Fi and with its flash
support you'll see websites the way
they're supposed to look get the latest
news and entertainment with web TV
channels including National Geographic
CNN and E Entertainment Television as
well as many local channels will be
available on device and from Abhi's
store
with great games of Angry Birds ravio an
asphalt 5 and real golf 2011 from games
rock the 3d graphic capabilities of the
Nokia n8
take gaming to the next level
music fans who love the Nokia n8 with
over 2 days of music playback time up to
48 gigs of memory and amazing audio
quality